docs(dns): mention DNS standards RFC in dns documentation (#1469)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/networking/dns.md

<kuma-enabled-pod>$ curl http://echo-server_echo-example_svc_1010.mesh:80
<kuma-enabled-pod>$ curl http://echo-server_echo-example_svc_1010.mesh
```

> Be aware of DNS standards ([RFC1035](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1035.txt)) if using underscores in the service name.

Reviewer: I don't think this sentence brings any value, especially when we add the link to RFC to below section. If you are looking for DNS-compliant variant, there is assumption you are aware that your own service name has also follow the standard.
```suggestion
```

> A DNS standards-compliant name is also available, where the underscores in the service name are replaced with dots. For example:

Reviewer: * I removed the word "standards-compliant" because it is redundant. The word "DNS" already implies that the name complies with the DNS standards.
* I added the word "can" before "be used" to make it clear that this is just one option.
* I added the word "the" before "service name" for consistency.
```suggestion
A DNS-compliant ([RFC 1035](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1035.txt) name can also be used, where the underscores in the service name are replaced with dots. For example:
```
